Update the existing Dashboard Greeting Widget so it uses the user's real-time local device time and automatically displays the appropriate greeting.

Requirements

The greeting widget should appear only on the Dashboard/Home page, not on the login page.

The greeting must dynamically change based on the user's current local time:

12:00 AM – 11:59 AM → Good Morning

12:00 PM – 5:59 PM → Good Afternoon

6:00 PM – 11:59 PM → Good Evening

Personalized Greeting

Display the logged-in user's first name.

Examples:

Good Morning, David

Good Afternoon, David

Good Evening, David

If no first name is available, display only the greeting.

Real-Time Updates

The widget must:

Calculate the greeting using the user's device/browser local time.

Update automatically when the dashboard loads.

Update when the app returns from the background.

Update when the device timezone changes.

Automatically switch greetings when crossing time boundaries without requiring a page refresh.

Example:

If the dashboard is open at 11:59 AM and the time becomes 12:00 PM, the greeting should automatically change from:

"Good Morning, David"

to

"Good Afternoon, David"

without refreshing the page.

Implementation Requirements

Do not use hardcoded greetings.

Do not require an API call.

Use client-side JavaScript/React time functions.

Create a reusable helper function called getGreeting() that determines the greeting from the current hour.

Set up a timer or listener so the greeting updates automatically while the dashboard remains open.

Ensure the widget is lightweight and does not impact dashboard performance.

Expected Logic

function getGreeting() {
  const hour = new Date().getHours();

  if (hour < 12) return "Good Morning";
  if (hour < 18) return "Good Afternoon";
  return "Good Evening";
}

Success Criteria

Dashboard always shows the correct greeting.

Greeting updates in real time.

Greeting includes the user's first name.

Works across desktop and mobile devices.

Works correctly in all time zones.

No page refresh required for updates.

Fully integrated into the existing Dashboard Header component without affecting other dashboard functionality.